Some notes on gameplay as I perceive it so far:

Firstly, new users will have to register and create a company.  Everything's
done through a company - starting users will have a company of their own
that they do business through.  Let's make this sign-up process look a bit
like registering with a central "ASIC"-style organisation - give them a
business number, have them pick a name and design a logo.

New businesses will be introduced to a starter marketplace, where they will
be able to pick up tenders that are essentially publically advertised.

So, a user logs in, goes to the marketplace, and finds a tender that looks
interesting.  They'll hit the "ask for more info" button on the tender, and
will be sent a more detailed tender requirements document.

The tender requirements will outline the skills required, amount of work
required, and all the deadlines.  The user will look at the tender req, decide
whether they think they can meet the requirements or not, and if so, start a
tender response.

The tender response will basically say "my company can do this job in x days
for y dollars".

Assuming the response gets in before the deadline, tender will be awarded to
someone based on some criteria.  If our user got the job, the tender moves
into project management.

In project management, the user can view the current projects, skill level and
time requirements, and how things are progressing.  The owner of the company
can apply any resources the company has available in any way they see fit to
try and meet the requirements.

If the tender completes successfully, the company makes the money.  If the
tender does not complete on time, the company will be hit with penalties on
a per-day basis until it completes.  Job completion records will be publically
available - when viewing a company, a record of previous successes and failures
will be visible, and this will also be factored in when judging tender
applications.

The above covers the bare-bones basics of play.  The twists and optional
features are listed below:

* Firstly, companies will only be able to find tenders from people they've been
introduced to.  That means that while the initial market is a good starting
place, I expect to add other markets later.  If a company does a good job
for a customer, that customer might introduce them to other customers, or
to other markets.  Suggest both people and companies should have contacts,
and can introduce them to each other, this gives the potential to carry
contacts with you when you leave.  Up to company directors whether to share
contacts with employees or not, perhaps?

* Offers to tender may not come from the market, but may come from other
companies (note, all customers are companies, and all companies are prospective
customers - players can tender to other players) directly.  This makes doing
a good job, and getting more introductions, crucial.  There will be a section
in the company overview listing contacts.

* Tender listed skill requirements and timelines are not necessarily correct
- they are best-guess estimates from the customer.  There should be project
management skills that, if applied, allow you to fine-tune the estimates both
before and after winning the tender.

* Player companies should be able to hire from a job pool, and players should
be able to enter the job pool themselves.  This allows players to work for
others, but it also allows players to hire NPC resources.

* Events - NPCs and players alike will suffer events, as will companies.
Initial thoughts for events include getting sick, leaving without notice,
leaving with notice, demanding a payrise, learning new skills, etc.  In
addition, companies should be able to give employees bonuses, send them on
conferences, give them time off, etc.  Employees will have a satisfaction
rating with their company that will be affected by all of this, and will affect
how easy they are to poach/how likely they are to leave or make other demands
on the company.

===
Areas of Web Interface
===

A player logs in, and gets a series of areas they can explore:

* Personal Profile (including skills and satisfaction ratings, etc)
* Company Profile (name, logo, past history, projman, contacts, employees,
    upcoming tender info)
* Marketplace (list of available tenders)
* Job Pool (potential employees list and details)
* Recent Events

The company section is the largest, so this might not be the best structure